Mention revoking TLABs of all mutators after a GC (#1018)
mmtk/mmtk-core: docs/userguide/src/portingguide/perf_tuning/alloc.md

In practice, a binding may embed multiple fast-path structs for all the allocators they use if they would like
more efficient allocation.

Also for simplicity, the example assumes the default allocator for the plan in use is a bump pointer allocator.
Many plans in MMTk use bump pointer allocator for their default allocation semantics (`AllocationSemantics::Default`),
which includes (but not limited to) `NoGC`, `SemiSpace`, `Immix`, generational plans, etc.
If a plan does not do bump-pointer allocation, we may still implement fast-paths, but we need to embed different data structures instead of `BumpPointer`.

```rust
{{#include ../../../../../vmbindings/dummyvm/src/tests/doc_mutator_storage.rs:mutator_storage_embed_fast-path_struct}}
```

And pseudo-code for how you would reset the `BumpPointer`s for all mutators in `resume_mutators`. Note that these mutators are the runtime's actual mutator threads (i.e. where the cached bump pointers are stored) and are different from MMTk's `Mutator` struct.
```rust
impl Collection<RtName> for RtNameCollection {
  ...
  fn resume_mutators(tls: VMWorkerThread) {

>     // Reset the cached bump pointers of each mutator to 0x0 after a GC to
>     // ensure that the VM sees a cohesive state

Reviewer: A BumpPointer has a cursor and a limit.  It is not clear what 'reset bump pointer to 0' means.

```suggestion
    // Reset the cached bump pointers of each mutator (setting both cursor and limit to 0) after a GC to
    // ensure that the VM sees a cohesive state
```
